# autoDM

A prompt framework to play any ttrpg using an LLM as the DM for you.

Use Instructions:

1. First generate a character. I have provided a prompt to do so in [newGame_v01.md](newGame_v01.md)
2. Once you have a completed character sheet, you will need to provide the prompt from [newGameStart_v01.md](newGameStart_v01.md)
3. Now input your characte sheet, either by copy and pasting the one generated from step 1 or upload one you created elsewhere. Once the ai recognizes your character sheet it should begin the adventure. I like to keep the character generation in a separate chat thread than the one I play the game in.
4. Play, until you hit the useage cap for gpt-4 if you are playing this on chatGPT like me. Or at least play until you need to take a break. When you do, use the prompt from [saveCompressedRecordPrompt.md](saveCompressedRecordPrompt.md)
5. Now when you want to play again you can use either [contGame_v03.md](contGame_v03.md) if you haven't completed the dungeon. Or if you have you can move on to [contGame_v02.md](contGame_v02.md)

##### Modifications

It's pretty easy to change out the module or dungeon from the examples given. That being said, I'm happy to see your adventures and prompts, so feel free to fork and add them and make a pull request. Who knows what we can make if we work together.

##### autoDM GPT

I've added three versions of GPT instructions for the autoDM. I am using v03 myself, and for the actions referred to in that instructions set. I'm importing the openapi schema from my plugin, [DM Tool Kit](https://mageworks.studio). You can do the same by using this link: [https://dmtoolkit-magejosh.replit.app/.well-known/openapi.yaml](https://dmtoolkit-magejosh.replit.app/.well-known/openapi.yaml) and this is the privacy policy link: [https://mageworks.studio/Privacy-Policy](https://mageworks.studio/Privacy-Policy)

This version with [DM Tool Kit](https://dmtoolkit-magejosh.replit.app) is better than using the default dice rolling python abilities of the code interpreter. Why? Because it has the full d20 dice expression needs built in, as well as the ability to roll Fate/Fudge dice if needed.

I'm sharing this here, because OpenAI for some reason won't allow me to save this GPT for public sharing. This way the community can iterate on the design with me and we can get a better understanding of Interactive Gaming with AI.

##### Wishlist

Develop this into a full featured game with optimized retrieval prompts to better maintain state and adherence to task at hand. It should have voice to voice with visuals also generated by the ai.
