I need your help designing a level 2 appropriate 5e d&d City Encounter Module using the following link as the encounter building framework, as well as my character sheet for contextually relevant details and my character's goals and plans. The point of this exercise is for you to provide a ready to use City Encounter Guide Module, for any details you are missing create them by selecting 4 contextually appropriate options and rolling 1d4 to decide randomly which to use. A City Encounter Module's goal isn't to be a full fledged adventure, rather it is more like Downtime with Encounters. Most are social or exploration encounters, though even in a friendly city the possibility exists for combat encounters that make logical and contextually relevant sense.
Framework link: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/8n4smku6p4pthguv2yb6u/UA19-Encounter-Building.pdf?dl=0&rlkey=pewmzsrhc3h4koz6mjekn8kfn

Character goals: secure trustworthy hirelings to help me until i no longer need help or dismiss them from service. secure information on where i can buy a sturdy covered wagon and horses. secure information as discretely as possible about where might be the best place to go with that artifact magic crystal i found after i retrieve it. I'd want to go somewhere i could safely learn what it is and then decide what to do with it. i should attempt to discretely research legends and lore about the dungeon and the artifact without making anyone aware i know where it is. Also I will want to find out the prices here in town for other supplies I'll need on the road. As well as if there are any shops that sell or identify magic items in town. 

character plans: I intend to find a way to safely retrieve my wealth i buried outside town to keep it safe from being robbed from me, and that artifact magic crystal from the earth tomb dungeon that i locked back up in the treasure room and took the key. I plan to figure out what the crystal does so i can decide if i want to keep it or take it to the authorities, or try to sell it. Hire some guards so i can find trustworth companions from among them. Build an adventuring company to help me in my goal of cleansing the evils from the below the earth, and maybe do my foster mom proud at the same time.

This city encounter module should be created with all the details needed to run this adventure for any character, but with my character's intents in mind make sure to account for all the options needed for a DM to resolve what i choose to do to pursue my goals and plans. You should definitely include a chance encounter with a risk of combat at some point, that makes sense logically for the story setting so far and town as you're developing the details for the town to include with this City Encounter Guide Module for the town of Havenwood. It should also include a town shop and important places of interest list, guilds and factions operating in and around town, each shop and tavern and guild should have a couple common items/services listed with pricing for those items/services. Any strange local customs, laws, or lore should also be noted. Be as concise as necessary, as this primarily needs to be understood by LLM's operating as DM's for user/players. You may use emoji's as a means of compressing information into less tokens, as long as you understand it.

As this is for a DM, we should probably provide possible setting/context relevant side-quest opportunities for the player, and allude to other intriguing story-hooks to allow for a more dynamic natural campaign progression rather than a large prewritten campaign. In this way we can continue to generate Encounter Guide Modules so the player directs the course of the story. But players are often bad at coherent creativity in this department, so we should always try to include additional interesting options in our dialogue and lore descriptions, even if we only make notes for the DM that they can add these options in at the relevant places in the Encounter Guide Module. 

Side-quests and plot-hooks should be connected to specific quest givers (NPCs) in town so they are easily used by the DM. Where that NPC might be found in town, and what situation/requirement need be met, if any besides striking up a conversation, to have that NPC give the quest or plot-hook information to the Player. Sometimes this is a social check like intimidate or persuasion, sometimes it's as a request or plea from the NPC to the player for help. Choose something setting appropriate for each.

Provide the entire Havenwood City Encounter Guide Module in a compressed format using markdown and emojis to conserve word count as much as possible while maintaining contextual semantic meaning that you can read. Replace any Side-quests or Story-Hook focused on personal history of my character with something else non-character specific. I do not want to use a side-quest or story-hook specific to my character backstory elements in this module. It should be written so any character can play through it rather than naming personal specific to my character things.

Ask me for my character sheet before beginning to generate a City Encounter Module for the city i'm in, when i share it, then begin.